---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 22/100days"
date: 2025-03-10T23:59:59+08:00
lang: en
translation_key: iter-x-22-100
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

<p>Day2️⃣2️⃣</p> <p>Today, I took some time to write code and noticed that I’ve already made 76 commits. I’m really looking forward to finishing the design so I can fully roll out everything. A teammate saw my post from the day before yesterday and told me about a feature in the Figma mobile app — the mirror function. It allows you to cast the page you’re editing on your computer to your phone in real-time. How cool is that! Haha, turns out I was the fool. Most of tonight was spent optimizing details, going through previous pages, and viewing them live on my phone so I could quickly align everything.</p> <p>I originally planned to just let things slide, but then a teammate reached out to me saying they wanted to join us. They wrote me a little essay and mentioned they found me through V2EX and my blog, where they saw the content from the first 21 days. I was actually quite touched. As I shared in my first online meetup, I’m really grateful that I started building in public with a 0/100 mindset. It’s led me to meet so many incredible people with great ideas, and I’ve had a lot of enriching conversations. It feels amazing to know that others believe in my vision and are willing to team up to make it happen. It’s like traveling — the destination isn’t what matters most; it’s the scenery along the way. Just enjoy it, and that’s enough! 🤘</p> <p>BTW, I think one extra benefit of building in public is the dopamine effect. Never underestimate the power of physiology. A lot of people can’t keep going because they don’t understand how to leverage things like dopamine to keep themselves motivated. It’s not about just struggling to persist; it’s about enjoying the process. Knowing how to use your strengths and also boosting them with some inner and external forces to reinforce those strengths. Getting a bit off track here, but anyway, I’m going to sleep. These past few days have been too late, and things are starting to catch fire in the back yard. 🧑🏿‍💻</p> <p>Current progress summary:</p> <ol> <li>Prototype design &amp; UI/UX design: 23%</li> <li>Backend (Go) development: 18%</li> <li>Mobile client (Flutter): 5%</li> <li>Data: 5%</li> </ol> <p>If you think you meet the following criteria, feel free to reach out:</p> <ol> <li>Can persist</li> <li>Has dreams</li> <li>Is interested</li> </ol>
