---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 57/100days"
date: 2025-04-14T23:59:59+08:00
lang: en
translation_key: iter-x-57-100
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

<p>Day 5️⃣7️⃣</p> <p>I’m still fine-tuning the details—haha—I want the experience to be smooth as silk. This DragNDrop feature isn’t done yet, and I just can’t leave it unfinished. I’m almost there, just need to perfect a few small details.</p> <p>Actually, I wanted to talk a bit about being an indie developer or a solopreneur. I think a lot of people nowadays have this idea of creating something interesting, or maybe earning a bit of income on the side. It’s a good thing. Let me share my thoughts from Day 0️⃣ until now—nearly two months in. I’ve collaborated with others in the past on projects that required long-term, intense commitment, though not every day required syncing up or summarizing progress. But this time, it feels different. It’s more like starting a business—working around the clock. While it’s not the same as the carefree approach of my younger days, it’s still quite close to that feeling.</p> <p>So, if you’re thinking about starting something, I’d say go for a 100-Day Build in Public challenge. Of course, it doesn’t have to be public—you could do it for yourself. But using a 100-day timeframe to test yourself can be really enlightening. It lets you measure your resilience, test your ideas, and help you understand whether this path—a path that’s more likely to fail than succeed—is truly right for you. There are some things that aren’t suitable for sharing in public spaces. I have a lot of important reflections that I think shouldn’t be discussed here, as the implications might not be appropriate. After 100 days, I may look for opportunities to talk more about the people, events, experiences, and thoughts from this journey.</p> <p>After pausing to reflect, it’s time to move forward. To the solitary travelers out there, I hope that, in the many journeys you take in this lifetime, there will always be something that drives you onward and inspires you to keep exploring the endless unknown.</p> <p>Current progress summary:</p> <ol> <li>Prototype design &amp; UI/UX: 33%</li> <li>Backend (Go): 58%</li> <li>Client (Flutter): 48%</li> <li>Data: 12%</li> </ol> <p>If you meet the following criteria, feel free to reach out:</p> <ol> <li>Persistence</li> <li>Vision</li> <li>Interest</li> </ol>
