---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 43/100days"
date: 2025-03-31T23:59:59+08:00
lang: en
translation_key: iter-x-43-100
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

<p>Day4️⃣3️⃣</p> <p>From the overall progress, it seems that we’ve only completed about 1/3 of the total, but I’m still quite confident that we’ll finish the rest in the next 50 days, so the whole process doesn’t seem to be linear. This is understandable; at the beginning, there are a lot of things to handle. After completing a few pages or APIs, many things can be reused, so the speed naturally picks up.</p> <p>Today, I was looking into Bluesky’s ATProtocol. Although I had seen it before, I hadn’t carefully examined its technical architecture. After reading an article analyzing it, I started thinking about whether a decentralized blockchain social platform could become the next big trend. After all, the Web3 buzz has been going on for quite a while. But on second thought, our travel app could also explore this direction. Although it feels a bit like a tech utopia, if the app doesn’t really take off in the future, I would consider fully open-sourcing it and integrating ATProtocol or creating a custom decentralized travel protocol. In this case, the app would simply be an AppView, a display carrier, and the data would be mostly consensus-based on the blockchain. Users would own their own data, which could be a fun and innovative concept.</p> <p>Last night, I recorded a screen capture of the current client situation. After doing a bit of hands-on work, I’m starting to get a feel for it. I look forward to recording another screen capture this week to share. Over the past few days, I’ve been receiving messages from new friends who are sharing or asking about features in the app. I’m happy to continuously receive private messages, and we actively consider many great suggestions. If you have any ideas, feel free to reach out to me for a chat.</p> <p>Summary of current progress:</p> <ol> <li>Prototype &amp; UI/UX design: 32%</li> <li>Backend (Go) development: 33%</li> <li>Client (Flutter) development: 20%</li> <li>Data: 8%</li> </ol> <p>If you meet the following criteria, feel free to reach out (we are looking for a UI design partner 👾):</p> <ol> <li>Able to persevere</li> <li>Dreamer</li> <li>Interested</li> </ol>
