---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 24/100days"
date: 2025-03-12T23:59:59+08:00
lang: en
translation_key: iter-x-24-100
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

<p>Day2️⃣4️⃣</p> <p>Today I had a chat with ChatGPT and got a cool fact. At least that’s what he said: Octopuses have three hearts. Two hearts are responsible for pumping blood to the gills, and the third heart pumps blood to the rest of the body. And when an octopus swims, the heart that pumps blood to the body stops beating.</p> <p>I thought this was more of a niche fact, haha, but it’s definitely interesting. When I heard him say it, I was a bit taken aback—Octopus, Three Hearts? I double-checked what he said to make sure I wasn’t hearing things. Pretty cool, right? We also talked about Ostriches. Apparently, they’re one of the fastest land animals, capable of running at speeds up to 70 km/h. That’s really fast. In comparison, the fastest land animal, the Cheetah, can only run at 113 km/h for about 20-30 seconds.</p> <p>This year of practicing English has felt like reliving my childhood (from a language-learning perspective). There’s so much you don’t know, so much you don’t know how to ask. It’s like rediscovering knowledge you didn’t pay attention to before. I have to say, AI has completely changed us in every way. It’s like how we talk about FOMO (Fear Of Missing Out)—this kind of emotional state where you’re afraid to miss out on important opportunities, events, or experiences. I think FOMO can be a great motivator, pushing you to keep up and not get left behind in the AI age. I could easily throw out a dozen examples of how AI impacts individuals, companies, and various other areas, but this isn’t an AI class, so I’ll stop here.</p> <p>Our product is also trying to leverage AI to deliver a better, more valuable, human-centered app for travelers and tourists. We really need creative people. You can come in as an advisor to bounce ideas, or you can contribute your talents to change parts of the product. I even think we could treat it like a kind of art piece. We want to succeed commercially, but we’re not just aiming for commercial success. Art-based works inevitably influence the audience, as the work is largely shaped by the creator team. So, I really hope to seek out a diverse team. I believe that someone’s contribution to a team isn’t necessarily measured by the amount of work they do. They can contribute in many ways, and whether someone fits into a team is a two-way process. It’s not easy to find a great team, but we have to keep looking for the right fit. Social platforms give us the chance to discover people, and our reach has gone global beyond just the third-degree connections (in a sense, it’s also the people who love the internet…). It’s a great time to be alive! With more and more people realizing the potential of nonlinear careers or personal development, I hope what I’m sharing here can plant some seeds in your mind. In the future, it might help guide you down a path less traveled, and that might take a lot of courage and awareness. (Maybe it will also give your future self a little push).</p> <p>As you can imagine, when I’m saying all this unrelated stuff, it’s because there isn’t much significant product progress to report 😒. That’s all. See you tomorrow, same time 👋🏼</p> <p>Current progress summary:</p> <ol> <li>Prototype &amp; UI/UX Design: 23%</li> <li>Backend (Go) Development: 20%</li> <li>Client-side (Flutter) Progress: 5%</li> <li>Data: 5%</li> </ol> <p>If you think you meet the following criteria, feel free to chat:</p> <ol> <li>Persistence</li> <li>Dreamers</li> <li>Interest</li> </ol>
