---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 70/100days"
date: 2025-04-27T23:59:59+08:00
lang: en
translation_key: iter-x-70-100
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

<p>Day 7️⃣0️⃣</p> <p>Today, I officially launched my open-source project on Product Hunt. The Day 1 campaign will begin tomorrow, April 28th, at 3 PM Beijing time. I’m hoping to make a strong push for the charts! In just 12 days, I made 107 commits and released version v0.2.7. Before the era of generative AI, achieving something like this would have been almost unimaginable — nearly impossible. It’s a powerful reminder of how fast the world is moving forward, and how individuals are swept along, willingly or not, running ever faster.</p> <p>As Dickens famously said, “It was the best of times, it was the worst of times…” — just like everything has two sides, it all depends on how you choose to look at it. Personally, I believe it’s the best of times — an era that grants individuals unprecedented “capabilities” and acceleration. Unlike the internet era, which didn’t go through a chaotic early stage, the AI era has brought a real, palpable sense of chaos — but with it, an ever-expanding space for imagination and intensity.</p> <p>I’ll be slowing down Iter-X development for the next couple of days. I expect to resume full momentum after the May 1st holiday, as I have some other commitments coming up. In the meantime, I’ll continue sharing thoughts and experiences.</p> <p>Current Progress Summary:</p> <ol> <li>Prototype &amp; UI/UX Design: 33%</li> <li>Backend (Go) Development: 60%</li> <li>Client (Flutter) Development: 58%</li> <li>Data: 14%</li> </ol> <p>If you feel you match the following criteria, feel free to reach out:</p> <ol> <li>You have perseverance</li> <li>You have dreams</li> <li>You have passion</li> </ol>
