---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 42/100days"
date: 2025-03-30T23:59:59+08:00
lang: en
translation_key: iter-x-42-100
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

<p>Day4️⃣2️⃣</p> <p>Today, I worked on a page. If I can keep up this speed, it won’t be long before I can finish the remaining pages. Over the next couple of days, I’ll need to supplement the backend interfaces. Since I stopped drawing every day, the progress has really picked up! It’s important to balance things out. For anyone considering independent development, there are a few things we need to handle for an app:</p> <ol> <li>Setting up the code structure and basic framework (this is crucial, but if you have experience with past projects, it’s usually quick).</li> <li>Product brainstorming — those with capability will output mind maps and wireframes.</li> <li>Design work (depending on the size of the product, this can go quickly or slowly, but it’s a significant task).</li> <li>Database design (for more complex products, this is a major job, but I usually produce this along with backend development).</li> <li>Backend development (its importance depends on the product’s target scale).</li> <li>Frontend/client-side development (end users are visual beings, while B2B is more function-driven).</li> <li>Integration and testing, reviewing design implementation (details always take up a lot of time and energy, depending on the scale and whether you’re a perfectionist).</li> </ol> <p>These are the main areas. If you’re not simply building a few pages or a design-focused product, as complexity increases, you’ll need to invest in all of these directions. It’s clear that for independent developers, building a team to handle all these aspects requires a huge amount of effort 🧑🏿‍💻.</p> <p>Summary of current progress:</p> <ol> <li>Prototype &amp; UI/UX design: 32%</li> <li>Backend (Go) development: 32%</li> <li>Client-side (Flutter) progress: 19%</li> <li>Data: 8%</li> </ol> <p>If you meet the following criteria, feel free to reach out (we need a UI design partner 👾):</p> <ol> <li>Can persevere</li> <li>Has dreams</li> <li>Is interested</li> </ol>
