---
layout: post
title: "Prelude"
date: 2026-03-12T08:00:00+08:00
lang: en
translation_key: prelude
tags:
  - AI
  - Thoughts
  - Insights
categories: AI
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
toc:
  sidebar: left
---

When ordinary people are all talking about the lobster 🦞, I become even more certain: this is a new era. Whether you admit it or not, we are already inside it.

Calling it the DeepSeek Moment of AI Agents would not be too much. What shocked me separately is that it surpassed Linux and React and became the software project with the most GitHub stars among non-resource-aggregation projects. I was genuinely shocked when I first heard this. Of course, I do not really plan to expand on this thing. I think there is already enough information out there. There is no need to add more repetitive stuff.

We are already standing at a point where production relations are changing, but many people turn a blind eye to it, even practitioners. Papermaking and printing turned word-of-mouth transmission into written transmission. Typewriters, personal computers, and the internet brought informatization. The impact AI brings will be broader. It will go deep into every industry and influence it.

So when I see excellent colleagues inside excellent companies still not successfully adjusting their mindset and their ability to dance with AI, I know this transformation is like those important nodes in the past: only a tiny number of people can realize it, only a tiny number of people can lead it, only a small portion can participate, and most people will not be conscious of it.

None of us can guarantee that we will be among the small group leading it. But what we can do is try not to become the group left behind. On the flight to Switzerland, the noise cancellation of the XM6 brought a rare sense of quiet. During more than ten hours of wandering thoughts, I casually wrote some things down:

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        <div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2026-03-12-prelude/1773328383_3.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        <div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2026-03-12-prelude/1773328384_4.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        <div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2026-03-12-prelude/1773328384_5.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        <div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2026-03-12-prelude/1773328385_6.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
    </div>
</div>

Lightly desensitized.

There was an article I read before about the [Singularity](https://campedersen.com/singularity). Many key descriptions inside it were trying to show that the singularity has arrived. Over the past two years, I have felt this several times. Not the kind of feeling that flashes by and disappears, but important feelings at important nodes, feelings from personally experiencing it. After Lunar New Year, the feeling became stronger.

I know I have to do something. Life does not give many chances like this. Missing it would be a real pity.

Fortunately, I am at a suitable node, with a suitable environment, decent people and resources, and abilities built through years of self-reinforcement training. All of this gives me an extremely strong confidence. Everything seems to be hinting at me: Just Do It!

Looking back at the road I have walked, I find that what I play is wild-style kung fu. I am also good at catching opportunities when they arrive. This ability has already helped me win some wealth, win a beautiful relationship, win some friends, and win the possibility of touching the next opportunity.

This thing is abstract, but it also truly exists. Clearly seeing how the world runs, understanding what you have and what you want, what you can give others and what you can gain, being good at playing games, being good at playing adult games, and not screwing it up. These are the methods.

A fragment from chatting with an old friend:

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        <div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2026-03-12-prelude/1773328385_7.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
    </div>
</div>
Can't agree more. Look around: if AI has not brought you any enhancement of advantage, then that is where the problem is. Whether it helps you make better investment decisions, improve yourself better, work better, and so on. If in the past one or two years you have not felt anything obvious, then you may have a relatively high probability of falling into the last group.

Maybe not everyone needs to fight to be at the crest of the wave, and this should not be an article rolling people into "correcting evil and returning to righteousness." I just feel that recently my written output has decreased and oral output has increased. I still need to casually write something down as notes and land some thoughts.

Writing to this point, it seems none of this has anything to do with the title? Trust me: by the time you understand it, everything will already have settled.

As long as I breathe, the fight does not stop.
